Quantization of Deep Neural Networks for Accurate Edge Computing
  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have demonstrated their great potential in recentyears, exceeding the per-formance of human experts in a wide range ofapplications. Due to their large sizes, however, compressiontechniques such asweight quantization and pruning are usually applied before they can beaccommodated onthe edge. It is generally believed that quantization leads toperformance degradation, and plenty of existingworks have explored quantizationstrategies aiming at minimum accuracy loss. In this paper, we arguethatquantization, which essentially imposes regularization on weightrepresentations, can sometimes help toimprove accuracy. We conductcomprehensive experiments on three widely used applications: fully con-nectednetwork (FCN) for biomedical image segmentation, convolutional neural network(CNN) for imageclassification on ImageNet, and recurrent neural network (RNN)for automatic speech recognition, and experi-mental results show thatquantization can improve the accuracy by 1%, 1.95%, 4.23% on the threeapplicationsrespectively with 3.5x-6.4x memory reduction.
Automatic Infectious Disease Classification Analysis with Concept  Discovery
  Automatic infectious disease classification from images can facilitate neededmedical diagnoses. Such an approach can identify diseases, like tuberculosis,which remain under-diagnosed due to resource constraints and also novel andemerging diseases, like monkeypox, which clinicians have little experience oracumen in diagnosing. Avoiding missed or delayed diagnoses would preventfurther transmission and improve clinical outcomes. In order to understand andtrust neural network predictions, analysis of learned representations isnecessary. In this work, we argue that automatic discovery of concepts, i.e.,human interpretable attributes, allows for a deep understanding of learnedinformation in medical image analysis tasks, generalizing beyond the traininglabels or protocols. We provide an overview of existing concept discoveryapproaches in medical image and computer vision communities, and evaluaterepresentative methods on tuberculosis (TB) prediction and monkeypox predictiontasks. Finally, we propose NMFx, a general NMF formulation of interpretabilityby concept discovery that works in a unified way in unsupervised, weaklysupervised, and supervised scenarios.
Window Detection In Facade Imagery: A Deep Learning Approach Using Mask  R-CNN
  The parsing of windows in building facades is a long-desired but challengingtask in computer vision. It is crucial to urban analysis, semanticreconstruction, lifecycle analysis, digital twins, and scene parsing amongstother building-related tasks that require high-quality semantic data. Thisarticle investigates the usage of the mask R-CNN framework to be used forwindow detection of facade imagery input. We utilize transfer learning to trainour proposed method on COCO weights with our own collected dataset of streetview images of facades to produce instance segmentations of our new windowclass. Experimental results show that our suggested approach with a relativelysmall dataset trains the network only with transfer learning and augmentationachieves results on par with prior state-of-the-art window detectionapproaches, even without post-optimization techniques.
DDANet: Dual Decoder Attention Network for Automatic Polyp Segmentation
  Colonoscopy is the gold standard for examination and detection of colorectalpolyps. Localization and delineation of polyps can play a vital role intreatment (e.g., surgical planning) and prognostic decision making. Polypsegmentation can provide detailed boundary information for clinical analysis.Convolutional neural networks have improved the performance in colonoscopy.However, polyps usually possess various challenges, such as intra-andinter-class variation and noise. While manual labeling for polyp assessmentrequires time from experts and is prone to human error (e.g., missed lesions),an automated, accurate, and fast segmentation can improve the quality ofdelineated lesion boundaries and reduce missed rate. The Endotect challengeprovides an opportunity to benchmark computer vision methods by training on thepublicly available Hyperkvasir and testing on a separate unseen dataset. Inthis paper, we propose a novel architecture called ``DDANet'' based on a dualdecoder attention network. Our experiments demonstrate that the model trainedon the Kvasir-SEG dataset and tested on an unseen dataset achieves a dicecoefficient of 0.7874, mIoU of 0.7010, recall of 0.7987, and a precision of0.8577, demonstrating the generalization ability of our model.
Memory Guided Road Detection
  In self driving car applications, there is a requirement to predict thelocation of the lane given an input RGB front facing image. In this paper, wepropose an architecture that allows us to increase the speed and robustness ofroad detection without a large hit in accuracy by introducing an underlyingshared feature space that is propagated over time, which serves as a flowingdynamic memory. By utilizing the gist of previous frames, we train the networkto predict the current road with a greater accuracy and lesser deviation fromprevious frames.
