Quantization of Deep Neural Networks for Accurate Edge Computing
  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have demonstrated their great potential in recentyears, exceeding the per-formance of human experts in a wide range ofapplications. Due to their large sizes, however, compressiontechniques such asweight quantization and pruning are usually applied before they can beaccommodated onthe edge. It is generally believed that quantization leads toperformance degradation, and plenty of existingworks have explored quantizationstrategies aiming at minimum accuracy loss. In this paper, we arguethatquantization, which essentially imposes regularization on weightrepresentations, can sometimes help toimprove accuracy. We conductcomprehensive experiments on three widely used applications: fully con-nectednetwork (FCN) for biomedical image segmentation, convolutional neural network(CNN) for imageclassification on ImageNet, and recurrent neural network (RNN)for automatic speech recognition, and experi-mental results show thatquantization can improve the accuracy by 1%, 1.95%, 4.23% on the threeapplicationsrespectively with 3.5x-6.4x memory reduction.
Automatic Infectious Disease Classification Analysis with Concept  Discovery
  Automatic infectious disease classification from images can facilitate neededmedical diagnoses. Such an approach can identify diseases, like tuberculosis,which remain under-diagnosed due to resource constraints and also novel andemerging diseases, like monkeypox, which clinicians have little experience oracumen in diagnosing. Avoiding missed or delayed diagnoses would preventfurther transmission and improve clinical outcomes. In order to understand andtrust neural network predictions, analysis of learned representations isnecessary. In this work, we argue that automatic discovery of concepts, i.e.,human interpretable attributes, allows for a deep understanding of learnedinformation in medical image analysis tasks, generalizing beyond the traininglabels or protocols. We provide an overview of existing concept discoveryapproaches in medical image and computer vision communities, and evaluaterepresentative methods on tuberculosis (TB) prediction and monkeypox predictiontasks. Finally, we propose NMFx, a general NMF formulation of interpretabilityby concept discovery that works in a unified way in unsupervised, weaklysupervised, and supervised scenarios.
Deep Learning for Time Series Classification and Extrinsic Regression: A  Current Survey
  Time Series Classification and Extrinsic Regression are important andchallenging machine learning tasks. Deep learning has revolutionized naturallanguage processing and computer vision and holds great promise in other fieldssuch as time series analysis where the relevant features must often beabstracted from the raw data but are not known a priori. This paper surveys thecurrent state of the art in the fast-moving field of deep learning for timeseries classification and extrinsic regression. We review different networkarchitectures and training methods used for these tasks and discuss thechallenges and opportunities when applying deep learning to time series data.We also summarize two critical applications of time series classification andextrinsic regression, human activity recognition and satellite earthobservation.
Window Detection In Facade Imagery: A Deep Learning Approach Using Mask  R-CNN
  The parsing of windows in building facades is a long-desired but challengingtask in computer vision. It is crucial to urban analysis, semanticreconstruction, lifecycle analysis, digital twins, and scene parsing amongstother building-related tasks that require high-quality semantic data. Thisarticle investigates the usage of the mask R-CNN framework to be used forwindow detection of facade imagery input. We utilize transfer learning to trainour proposed method on COCO weights with our own collected dataset of streetview images of facades to produce instance segmentations of our new windowclass. Experimental results show that our suggested approach with a relativelysmall dataset trains the network only with transfer learning and augmentationachieves results on par with prior state-of-the-art window detectionapproaches, even without post-optimization techniques.
